So hopefully, we got a shot to try and
make the character-repeating little thing.
Hopefully, it was a good exercise in
taking an abstract idea in your brain and
translating that into code.
Again, this kinda feels like I used to be
an Italian translator in a previous life,
that I would hear something in English,
have to think about it, process it,
and spit it back out in Italian.
It's kind of the same idea, right?
You have this abstract idea of, I want to
take this thing, this idea that I have,
and I'm going to turn it into a language
that a computer can understand.
So you can delete all this, or you can
leave it or not, whatever you want.
This is fine, actually.
So we could do something like, basically,
let answer = empty string of some variety,
right?
That's probably a good way to start out.
And then we can say for let i = 0,
i is less than something
like timesToRepeat, right, i++, right?
So this will repeat as many times
as timesToRepeat tells it to, okay?
And then we're just gonna say
answer= answer + character.
In my solution below,
I called answer a word, right?
But you can call whatever you want,
it doesn't really matter.
Okay, so
let's go look at this in my experiments,
make sure I'm not too incorrect.
And you can see there, I have my duck.
So let's change that to be something like,
I don't know.
What's a fun emoji here?
How about the Galaga alien?
Okay, and then we'll do this for
50 times And come over here and refresh.
And there you go, and
we get 50 those little Galaga aliens.
What's fun about this is,
with this particular way of doing it,
you could have multiple
different emojis here, or
they could be characters,
I just like emojis.
So we'll have, I don't know, a dress.
How about, Now, what's going to happen?
How many characters
are we gonna end up with?
>> 100.
>> 100, right,
cuz every one of these loop iterations,
as they're called, iterations,
we'll have two characters added.
So if I refresh here, you can see,
I now have 100 characters here.
And we can make this
go as much as we want.
5000 times, let's do it.
Eventually JavaScript's gonna say,
you asked for a lot of these,
so I cut them off for you, the console.
Kind of fun, right?
So how did we do?
Did this go okay?
This was literally one of my Facebook
interview questions, fun fact.
They had some really silly way
that they wanted me to solve it.
So anyway, but
it was a derivative of this answer.
So two things I would just
wanna say about this, one,
you would not really ever have to
do this in common day-to-day code.
I asked you to do this one, because
it was an interview question for me.
And two, I think it's a good thing
to take an abstract idea and
translate it into code.
I think those are both helpful things.
Cuz there's other really
easy ways of doing this.
I'll show you kind of
a cheater way of doing this.
Let's just say, There's
a function in JavaScript called,
Pad left, I believe.
Let's try the padStart.
So I can make an empty string here.
I'll talk about built-in
functions here in just a second.
But there's a thing here called padStart.
And I can give this a number
of times to repeat and
fill string of character.
And I believe this will do the exact
same thing it does, kind of wild, right?
So we'll talk about built-ins
here in just a second.
A built is just a strings have
a bunch of functions built into them.
We'll talk about what functions out
here in just a second as well, but
console log is a function.
And we can just tell it how many
times we want it to repeat and
what character to repeat.
So then, the browser just does it for
you, right,
and you don't actually have
to write a loop to do it.
My point being here not necessarily this,
I'll explain throughout the rest of the
course, you'll understand how this works.
But my point here that I'm trying to
demonstrate to you is that there's so
many ways to do this.
And there's usually a way that the browser
could just do a lot of this stuff for you.
All right, any questions?
This was the answer I was
hoping you'd come to, this one.
Not line 12, line 12 is super clever,
Not the most clear code.
So again, down here,
Here's my answer here.
So many poodles.